---
layout: post
title: Bumped into you
---

Who would've known this is where it'd begin? GCU, freshers, I'm hanging, chilling, wearing the grey hat I just bought, I'd end up wearing this hat hundreds of times.

I'm at the uni, of course I was thinking about you. I was thinking about the chances you're coming to GCU from college like me. And I was right, and by total coincidence I bumped into you.

I spot you from a mile away, shocked to find out your hair is not actually blue. I felt like I proved myself right, thinking about you until you spawned in.

We say hi, I'm a little avoidant since we hadn't spoke since I'd apologised. It's cool, you look well, and off you go. Cool, I turn to Kieran and say

> "It's funny because I have been lowkey in love with her."

I spoke to him about you often at the time, and in retrospect, you were always on my mind, I was so obviously caring for you.

After the freshers fair, I messaged you, you ended up giving me the email for which trains we were getting! Can you imagine if I <b>never</b> asked you? Or you never gave it those ticket times to me? I'm glad you did :D.

Out of the kindness of my heart, I messaged you a couple days later, offering to buy you a headtorch.

Me
> "if you still needed a head torch I can pick one up later, it’s £8. 130 lumens 5hrs battery so it should suffice."

LOL look at this stupid guy trying to sound smart

You
> "I already have a head torch :) but thank ya"

Polite as always.

Bootcamp was just a few days away, I was eager to see you again.